Replace Button `variant` usage (#4299)
jpmorganchase/salt-ds: .changeset/core-replace-button-variant.md

---
"@salt-ds/core": patch
---

> Replaced Button depreacated `variant` usage with `sentiment` and `appearance`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Replaced Button's deprecated `variant` prop with `sentiment` and `appearance` in:

- ComboBox
- DialogCloseButton
- DrawerCloseButton
- OverlayPanelCloseButton
- CompactPaginator
- Paginator
- Pagination
```
